Update user guide (features by @cheeheng) (#159)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-T10-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

You can add a module into Plannit.

This command will require one flag, and one flag is optional:

> [comment]: # (Inspiration behind the table obtained from https://ay2223s1-cs2103-f14-2.github.io/tp/UserGuide.html)

Author: I don’t know, hence I just put it in.

> [comment]: # (Inspiration behind the table obtained from https://ay2223s1-cs2103-f14-2.github.io/tp/UserGuide.html)

Reviewer: I don't think it is necessary, since it is not a specific design that is unique to said team, but rather, just a means of data organization.

| Field                       | Flag | Constraints                                             |
|-----------------------------|------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| **Module Code**             | `m/` | Can only be non-empty string of alphanumeric characters |

> | **Module Title (Optional)** | `t/` | Can be any string of characters                         |

Reviewer 2: Should we put

**Module Code**

or follow our format input whereby we write **MODULE_CODE** instead

Author: I guess **Module Code** would be more human-readable? It should be clear enough even without the underscores and caps?

Format: `add-module m/MODULE_CODE [t/MODULE_TITLE]`
* Module code will be automatically treated as uppercase. For example, `cs1231s` will be treated 
  as `CS1231S`.

> * If provided module title is empty, then Plannit interprets it as that there is no module title. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* When the provided module title is empty, it will be interpreted as if there is no module title.
```

For clarity and sentence structure.

Author: Thanks @Tan-Jia-Rong, but I decided to roughly follow @teoyuqi's suggestion because I feel that it is clearer that way.

> * If provided module title is empty, then Plannit interprets it as that there is no module title. 

Reviewer 2: great mind think alike but I was 1 step late 😢

* You cannot add a duplicate module code.

> 

Author: Good idea. Thanks.

> 

Reviewer 3: Great idea!

You can delete the module with the indicated module code from Plannit.

This command will require one flag:

[comment]: # (Inspiration behind the table obtained from https://ay2223s1-cs2103-f14-2.github.io/tp/UserGuide.html)

| Field           | Flag | Constraints                                                                          |
|-----------------|------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | **Module Code** | `m/` | Can only correspond to currently displayed module on screen (case-insensitive match) |

Reviewer 3: To be consistent with the constraints stated for module code in line 103, would it be more suitable to state that the same constraints over here, and bring 
` Can only correspond to currently displayed module on screen (case-insensitive match)` to a point form below?

Author: Good suggestion!

> | **Module Code** | `m/` | Can only correspond to currently displayed module on screen (case-insensitive match) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Module Code** | `m/` | Can only correspond to currently displayed module on screen (case-insensitive) |
```

I feel that it is sufficient to write (case-insensitive) without the match as idea is conveyed

Another suggestion:
```suggestion
| **Module Code** | `m/` | Must correspond to currently displayed module on screen (case-insensitive) |
```
Not asking for a change but I felt like writing must here sounds better. However, the implication is that it does match with the other constraints whereby it writes 
> Can only be non-empty string of alphanumeric characters

You can delete the module with the indicated module code from Plannit.

This command will require one flag:

| Field           | Flag | Constraints                                                                                                          |
|-----------------|------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | **Module Code** | `m/` | Module code <ul><li>is non-case sensitive</li> <li>can only be non-empty string of alphanumeric characters</li></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Module Code** | `m/` |  {::nomarkdown}Module code <ul><li>is non-case sensitive</li> <li>can only be non-empty string of alphanumeric characters</li></ul>{:/} |
```
The ` {::nomarkdown}...{:/}` tags are needed for Github pages to display the html in tables correctly. Jekyll (specficially its Kramdown engine's) [issue](https://stackoverflow.com/a/57904161).

You can edit a module on Plannit using the `edit-module` command.

This command will require an index and at least one of the following flags:

| Field            | Flag | Constraints                                                                                                           |
|------------------|------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | **Module Code**  | `m/` | Module code <ul><li>is non-case sensitive</li> <li>can only be non-empty string of alphanumeric characters</li></ul>  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Module Code**  | `m/` |  {::nomarkdown}Module code <ul><li>is non-case sensitive</li> <li>can only be non-empty string of alphanumeric characters</li></ul>{:/}  |
```
